Update README (#129)
getndazn/dazn-lambda-powertools: README.md

# DAZN Lambda Powertools

> `dazn-lambda-powertools` is a collection of middlewares that make working with lambda easier.

Reviewer: `collection of middlewares, AWS clients and helper libraries`?

## Motivation

> Writing Lambda's often involves the bootstrapping of specific tooling, like reading and forwarding on correlation-id's, emitting logs on a lambda timeout, and more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Writing Lambda functions often involves the bootstrapping of specific tooling, like reading and forwarding on correlation-id's, emitting logs on a Lambda timeout, and more.
```
nitpick: technically i don't think you can pluralise Lambda

Author: Ah damnit, greengrocers apostrophe got me again 😆

Re-writing and maintaining this bootstrapping logic into every individual lambda can be a pain, so to prevent this re-work we created `dazn-lambda-powertools`.

## Usage

The quickest way to get setup is to use the opinionated [pattern basic](/packages/lambda-powertools-pattern-basic) package, like so:

```javascript
const wrap = require('@dazn/lambda-powertools-pattern-basic')

module.exports.handler = wrap(async (event, context) => {
  return 42
})
```

> For more control, you can pick and choose from the [individual packages](/packages/lambda-powertools-pattern-basic).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more control, you can pick and choose from the [individual packages](/packages).
```

intending to link to the packages folder?

Author: Oops, yep!

## Powertools and Middy

> Most of the powertools are using the [middy](https://github.com/middyjs/middy) library, and the middy pattern for modules.

Reviewer 2: Might be worth making it clear that the middlewares use middy, but all of the clients are totally generic

Reviewer: `Most of the powertools` is not accurate, we only have 5 middlewares in total, the rest are all generic

Author: Ah, of course. This was the thing that tripped me up initially. Good to clear it up, I'll update.

* [logger](/packages/lambda-powertools-logger): structured logging with JSON, configurable log levels, and integrates with other tools to support correlation IDs and sampling (only enable debug logs on 1% of invocations)

> * [correlation IDs](/packages/lambda-powertools-correlation-ids): create and store correlation IDs that follow the DAZN naming convention

Reviewer 2: x-correlation-id is a convention outside of DAZN's world, might be worth changing to just
```suggestion
* [correlation IDs](/packages/lambda-powertools-correlation-ids): create and store correlation IDs that follow naming conventions
```

Author: Hrm — I'd argue we're either more explicit, or omit that line. Referencing a "naming convention" but not calling it out by name doesn't seem very helpful to me?

### Did you consider monkey-patching the clients instead?

> Instead of forcing you to use dazn-powertools AWS clients, we could have monkey patched the AWS SDK clients (which we already do in the tests). We can also monkey patch Node's `http` module (like what [Nock](https://github.com/node-nock/nock) does) to intercept HTTP requests and inject correlation IDs as HTTP headers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instead of forcing you to use dazn-powertools AWS clients, we could have monkey patched the AWS SDK clients (which we already do in the tests). We could also monkey patch Node's `http` module (like what [Nock](https://github.com/node-nock/nock) does) to intercept HTTP requests and inject correlation IDs as HTTP headers.
```

> We can apply these monkey patching when you apply the correlation IDs middleware, and your function would automagically forward correlation IDs without having to use our own client libraries. That way, as a user of the tools, I can use whatever HTTP client I wish, and can use the standard SDK clients as well.

Reviewer 2: spotted some inconsistencies:

```suggestion
We could apply the monkey patching when you apply the correlation IDs middleware, and your function would automagically forward correlation IDs without having to use our own client libraries. That way, as a user of the tools, you could use whatever HTTP client you wish, and can use the standard SDK clients as well.
```
